attention the following video is going
to totally kick ass if you enjoy any of
it and/or have a large penis please
click the like button below enjoy hello
everybody KYR speedy here and today sign
ups and I are ok jteem just part your
way in here sytems and i are going to be
showing you guys some of the new stuff
on the server walking around having a
good time don't some random stuff and I
hope you guys enjoy so let's get to it
you actually call UJ teen I'm so sorry
I saw him on my screen and made me think
now you can punish me for that man punch
me I think be mindful it's all good
alright so basically first off I want to
show you guys I finished this building
back here not sure if I made the roof a
little too high it might work out fine
but I finished this there's a grand
entrance over to the anvil and a grand
entrance to the almighty crafting table
over here with some hidden lighting
behind I'm going to highlighting better
in the future but it's just getting it
done and then we got all these chests
back here and our smelting area you got
to say smelting with a CH in at those
arms that's always important give it a
try man give it try
nothing smelting one more try one more
try smelting holy shit you got loud
there ok alright let's get out of there
close the door anyway huh we'll be good
and oh yes arms earlier I was playing
and I got to level 30 and I chanted this
efficiency pic and it's well this pic
and I only got efficiency 3 and that
makes me really angry sidearms so we're
going to go over here if you want to
follow me I'll J teens on telephone lamp
ok yeah so basically we're just going to
go over here sidearms and throw this guy
away
oh ok things got awkward
alright I can only imagine the comments
you could have combined that with
something wrong waste I know all about
it I don't care
I wanted fortune alright let's go check
out nobody epics house cuz he seems
looking garage I literally have not
checked out anyone's stuff in a while
it's weird uh he is located he's at home
right now though I'm gonna punch load
him over here hey man hey do you think
this will stem
or holy shit do you want to do that he's
gonna have a heart attack okay
didn't I heard it alright so yeah his
house is pretty basic at the moment but
he's holy shit these are some vaulted
high ceilings
okay a glowy lens fun alright and I
guess he has a grow that's not a garage
that's uh oh yeah he said he had a
donkey what's his name Donny or
something yeah Donna Gadhafi I'm
actually gonna ride that around and just
take Donny off her ride you know Maddie
gets let me go over to okay he'll notice
that's his doggy area here I know you
think he realizes it yeah yeah Tommy I
were gonna take dot actually I'll put
him back yeah cuz I want to go in J
teens house and Donnie Mike that make
that a little hard only likes when I
write them yeah the door how do you get
off these things left shit you call yeah
okay I don't ride O'Shanter Donnie got a
hot all right I get a kit out before
dawn he gets out daddy nice high G teens
house tons of people left comments when
I showed in the first episode saying oh
it says fab King there they said check
behind the painting I don't think
there's anything there J teens wondering
why I'm walking by I don't think there's
anything over here but I may be
incorrect and it looks like he just
wanted that for decoration so yeah you
guys are all wrong oh and then I didn't
show his downstairs instead as a mine
shaft last night but actually it's where
the enchanting thing is and he has a
bedroom so that's cute very and let's
head over to Jehovah's leaning tower of
penis I don't think it's actually called
that but I just needed that now this is
the Tower of Power
we need to a one night get on here and
make it so it's leaning and call it the
leaning tower penis I don't think this
thing's even worth showing is I think I
would did anything to this nice brick
anything that he's not playing he hasn't
been for a while let's see if he is
though I'll be there
over-over beans now okay just leave that
there just leave it there okay I don't
think there's much to this yet
bedroom and then yeah it looks like just
a bunch of empty layers so we'll head
back down and shadows house is where we
are going to next you know that it no I
think you're gonna take me there okay if
that's okay with you would you like to
be my tour let's go I'm gonna get Donnie
and take Donnie okay of this walk it's
fine actually I don't know if I killed
Donnie I'm gonna feel bad if he
accidentally dies you should dude yeah I
already worry flood thank you
yeah let's let's just go satisfy Oh
where'd you go oh there you are okay
it's over here over here yeah alright
that's what I thought I think I said
that the first episode that's over in
this direction huh oh there's a jungle
biome over here do I have done no
exploring prepare yourself whoa
a bridge it's so beautiful Richie so
much work over here that is a fat ass
you have there who's he talking to
probably nobody oh this is nice see I'm
kind of jealous a shadow like nobody in
J teen just threw up houses right next
to mine I have no privacy that's a lot
of cows man be a shame if something
happened to one of them okay hit me
alright breed before you kill our keel
full baby wheat into that chest look bug
all right I forgot to eat again always
forget to eat let's go into shadows
actual house he has a donkey too and I'm
pretty sure it's names Charlie Murphy is
that correct
yeah the fuck's going on here shadow Oh
yours Charlie Murphy I'll ride him let's
take him over to shadow and see what he
says oh god no okay I'm gonna try to
remember where he logged off my 13
theorem nice it's because I took
Charlo I spelled Charlie wrong I feel
stupid
oh he's taking our team - you get that
back here I'll get in the way when he
punches you so he punches Charlie Murphy
yeah yeah okay I'm putting Charlie back
someone what hey left this tree over
here someone someone didn't want to make
a good loading duty go away sleep I
notice this earlier and I wondered it I
just thought it was like a birch tree or
something I was like oh fuck someone
better ignite up to this cuz this needs
to go I did it - I did
god damn bird and I was fired I took out
the bottom looking for work and just
replace it with buh buh blanks and beat
buddy you're some kind of you flip that
about but about two meetings outside you